License Agreement
This license agreement (“Agreement”) constitutes a legal contract between you (“Licensee” or “you”) and Keyamoon.com (“Licensor”), setting forth the terms and conditions with respect to the digital content, non-ditigal content, icons, symbols, pictograms, or part thereof (collectively, “Item”) licensed to you, by Licensor. By downloading, using, or copying any part of the Item, you automatically agree to the following terms and conditions:

Grant of License
Licensor grants the Licensee a non-exclusive license without the right of sublicense to use the Item, subject to the terms of this Agreement. In consideration for the rights granted to Licensee hereunder, Licensee shall pay a license fee. The Item may be accessed and used for development purposes, by the Licensee and up to nine (9) other people employed by the Licensee. These ten people must belong to the same company or household purchasing the license. You do not need an extra license for new projects. The license includes future updates, which means that no additional payment is required.

Permitted Uses
You can use the Item in all your commercial and non-commercial projects, services and products.You may alter, modify or manipulate the Item, or incorporate it into other content and make a derivative work from it. The resulting derivative work is subject to the terms of this Agreement.

Prohibited Uses
You may not sublicense, resell, share, or otherwise redistribute the Item, not even for free. You need to get permission for using the Item in open source projects. You may not give, rent, or lease the Item or parts of it to third parties. You may not use the Item as a part of any project where your customers are not a final customer. You need to get permission to use the Item in any project where your customers or users can select any part of the Item to use in, modify, or customize the end product. You may not use the Item in a project which most or all of its value is driven by the Item.

Refund Policy
You have 14 calendar days to request for a refund from the date you purchased the license. You may only submit your request to the publisher from which you purchased the license. After receiving your refund, you should stop using and destroy all copies of the Item, including all backups and copies.

Disclaimer & Warranty
All parts of the Item are provided “as is” without warranty of any kind, either expressed or implied. Licensor is not liable for any damages arising out of any defects in the materials and the Item. You agree to hold Licensor harmless for any result that may occur during the course of using, or inability to use the Item. In no event shall Licensor be liable for any damages including, but not limited to, direct, indirect, special, incidental or consequential damages or other losses arising out of the use of or inability to use the Item.

To the best of the knowledge of the Licensor, no part of the Item is defamatory, obscene or immoral, and does not infringe any rights of copyright or other intellectual property or proprietary rights of third parties, but no right of action shall accrue against Licensor in the event of any part of the Item being deemed or found to be defamatory, obscene or immoral or an infringement of third party rights. If the Item contains trademarks or other intellectual property owned by third parties, clearance from the rights owner may be required. It is your responsibility to consider whether your use of the Item requires a clearance and if so, to obtain that clearance from the rights owner.

Copyright
All parts of the Item are owned by and property of the Licensor. No title to or intellectual property rights to the Item are transferred to you. All parts of the Item and the accompanying materials are copyrighted and contain proprietary information and trade secrets belonging to the Licensor. The Item cannot be incorporated in a trademark or service mark, not even logos. You may make a reasonable number of backup copies of the Item for archival purposes only. Copies must contain the same documentation, license, copyright, trademark, and other proprietary notices that appear on, in, or with the Item. Except for using the Item in your project, you may not copy the Item or allow third parties to copy the Item. Unpublished rights are reserved.

Reserved Rights
Licensor reserves rights to change the price of the license and to update the Item without prior notice and at its sole discretion. Licensor reserves the rights to make changes to this Agreement without any prior notice at its sole discretion. Any such changes will be reflected on this page. Licensor has the right to terminate your license immediately if you fail to comply with any terms of this Agreement.

Governing Law & General Provisions
This Agreement will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws in force in the United States of America and the State of California, excluding its conflict of law principles. This Agreement shall not be governed by the United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods, the application of which is expressly excluded. If any part of this Agreement is found void and unenforceable, the remainder of this Agreement shall remain valid and continue in full force and effect. You agree that the Item will not be shipped, transferred, or exported into any country or used in any manner prohibited by export administration legislation or any other export laws, restrictions, or regulations. The section headings contained in this Agreement are for reference purposes only and shall not affect the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement.

If you have any questions regarding this Agreement feel free to contact the Licensor at: http://keyamoon.com